K8s: add container runtime note (#1146)
redis/docs: content/operate/kubernetes/reference/supported_k8s_distributions.md

Each release of Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes is thoroughly tested against a set of Kubernetes distributions. The table below lists Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes versions and the Kubernetes distributions they support.

> {{<note>}}Testing is done with the default container runtime for each platform. Other container runtimes are not tested or certified.”{{</note>}}

Reviewer: Maybe we can generalize this note and say something like "Each platform is tested with its default configuration, including storage, network, security, and container runtime components".
WDYT? Also a question for @bascar about how we position our platforms support.

> {{<note>}}Testing is done with the default container runtime for each platform. Other container runtimes are not tested or certified.”{{</note>}}

Reviewer 2: I would remain more vague here.
Just mention what we test, do not say everything else is not supported.

> {{<note>}}Testing is done with the default container runtime for each platform. Other container runtimes are not tested or certified.”{{</note>}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{<note>}}Each platform is tested with the default configuration, including storage, network, security, and container runtime components.”{{</note>}}
```

> {{<note>}}Each platform is tested with the default configuration, including storage, network, security, and container runtime components.”{{</note>}}

Reviewer: Kinda nitpicky, but I think `its` better emphasizes that the default configuration is unique to each platform, rather than _some_ default configuration that is applied similarly to all platforms.
```suggestion
{{<note>}}Each platform is tested with its default configuration, including storage, network, security, and container runtime components.”{{</note>}}
```
